hey what's going on youtube as I promise
I'm gonna bring you guys mine farida
then I played a wife's toronto i'm also
going to tell you the changes I've now
made to this deck I'll be the first
segment right now that my infernity deck
was definitely not even close to in my
opinion tournament level for the YCS i
brushed it I didn't test it enough and I
overlooked a lot of cards and I over
rated this card um pot of duality in
this deck in my honest opinion doesn't
belong here if you ask matt pedal and
Kareem Kareem Oh probably I'm ever asked
him cream after a lot of us asked them
after I feel like pod do I he said he
hated it Matt didn't miss it at all so I
found myself drawing duality not needing
it when I already have combo and when I
played the value would never help so
there's a few chances there's a few
chances and I mean a few situations
where you actually do ality into an
inferno or into a grapher but even then
it's not too hot because they know what
you have but yeah here's a quick rundown
of the deck triple Archfiend triple
necromancer double Mirage double Avenger
if you guys can't uh if you as you guys
know my now I didn't go the beetle way
I'll explain that a bit later on a
double stage in one grapher one arm
again in one plank spells to do ality to
book a moon to MST one reborn 11 for 11
mantra mantra need traps one for any
break 3 barrier 3 in front 02 bottomless
trap hole once all in one song morning
one air force went to enjoy on traps a
tremendous tomato I his side back to see
an extra day to Sorcerer's to cyber
dragon to raikou to Thunder King one
dark hole one bokeh moon one return one
light mirror and to swallow flips extra
that quickly
three hundred eyes I'll spin this a bit
more later on three hundred eyes water
for you do one class of weight on one
Stardust one stage in one Android one
catastor one arm the arm one bronek one
Goyle miss 11 come in for just summon
Black Rose I bar to make any change
right now I would switch this blackness
which i didn't use once and to scrap
dragon strap dragons an amazing card I
told again I overlooked another card
Black Rose was only good when I had
beetles and now that I don't not too hot
back to the moon deck cards that I
ottoman I already changed this dust
tornado became another trap stun both of
these dualities are gone out of the deck
and I switched it for a foolish burial
with another kind of overlooked I
couldn't believe it that I played the
jump without that and another huge card
call to haunted can't believe I played
that and I missed that out too and my
last which would be switching this book
of moon for dark hole so this is what
the new ductless now this is what I'm
currently playing I have a list at the
bottom with us these fixes my reason for
place all morning is it's a card I would
love to side that but I didn't have room
so i decided to main deck and instead
it's also it's not bad when you're
playing a protection game which infinity
is now what you what you do with
infernity now is you build a big board
as many level eats or as many synchros
basically as possible and try to search
for protection be a barrier or break and
having this card in hand ease also is
very good at most times never very
situational even though it's only stop
only stops
well you need to summon monsters doing
games so I'm a little sick right now so
i can keep trucking through this and try
my side deck for sure i would take out
light mirror now I don't really start
over my side deck lately take out light
mirror that's for sure and I just freed
up two spots by moving the Oracle to the
main deck or take out return also i have
to relook at my bad matchups oh oh yeah
I woodside double effect Baylor have
those summer that's okay double effect
veiler and there's one more card that
needs to go in I'm going to post in the
description my video I'm not feeling too
well so I'm just going to get this video
as fast as I can thanks guys for
watching you guys have been watching my
videos a lot lately and I really
appreciate that so and I got a lot of
responses for my segment my new segment
and I should be having one up next week
and the one I chose that person will get
a shout out obviously and also my do
video won't go up on saturday go up on
sunday because i won't be at the card
masters tournament friday thank you guys
for watching and remember beat those
makeup gurus